README.md: Update values allowed for `key` (#16)
DeepSourceCorp/test-coverage-action: README.md

The possible inputs to this action are:

> * `key` (string, **required**): Programming language shortcode for which coverage is reported. e.g. `python`, `go`, `javascript`.
>   See [the docs](https://deepsource.io/docs/api/enums#metrickey) for the current list of allowed values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key` (string, **required**): Programming language shortcode for which coverage is reported. e.g. `python`, `go`, `javascript`.
  See [the docs](https://docs.deepsource.com/docs/analyzers-test-coverage#reporting-coverage-artifact-using-the-cli) for the current list of allowed values.
```
